# SharkGameTest_Build
Shark Game created using the prompt for the LuvBug Technical Test Prompt

SharkGame - Conclusion and Post Production 

	I'd say I enjoyed making this! I decided on approaching the game as a top down 2-D game, both because of the time constraint, as well as I beleived  it made it easier to quickly take in what was happening in the game. As well I wanted to keep the control of it simple, having it be something that you could understand within seconds of using it, so I decided on having the shark follow the location of the mouse. Lastly I increased the spawn rate of the fish as the time of the game went on, gradually incrementing it until it was around double near the end. I did this as I personally always loved games that got more hectic as you played as a kid, and felt it gave you a reason to want to play it longer. Overall I wanted to keep the design of the game simple, something that a younger player would be able to easily pick up and understand even without being told how to play it. 
  
 	For issues there were two main ones. The first is the sharks rotation can get abit erratic just before it reaches the mouse, to solve this I would just need to adjust the moveTo check when its reaching its direction to have a bigger area. The other was some of the fish are slightly askew, they're supposed to face where they're moving and I could fix it, I could fix this if I changed the rotation to be based of the direction they move rather than the fixed point I had. As for improvements I think the biggest would be sounds, having sounds cues happen when the shark ate the wrong fish, or even just music would make the game more enjoyable. As well having a visual cue for the shark getting sick would be another improvement, as well as possible changes to the behaviour of the different types of fish.
